Adds documentation for rest admin api permissions feature (#4257)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/access-control/api.md

```
{% include copy.html %}

Roles also allow you to control access to specific REST APIs. You can add individual or multiple cluster permissions to a role and grant users access to associated APIs when they are mapped to the role. The following list of cluster permissions includes the endpoints that correspond to the Security REST APIs:

| **Permission**                 | **APIs Granted**                 | **Description**                                                                                                                                   |

> |:-------------------------------|:---------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer: You don't need to add extra spaces or "filler" dashes to make tables render properly in the markdown. And the headings should automatically be boldface, too, without having to add the double asterisks. This should do it:
\| Permission | APIs Granted | Description |
\| :--- | :--- | :--- |
\| Permission 1 | `allowlist` | Does this and that |

| Permission | APIs Granted | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Permission 1 | `allowlist` | Does this and that |

Author: These were auto-generated by my IDE. I guess for better readability

> | restapi:admin/actiongroups     | `/actiongroup` & `/actiongroups` | Permission to get, delete, create, and patch actions groups (including bulk updates)                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| restapi:admin/actiongroups     | `/actiongroup` & `/actiongroups` | Permission to get, delete, create, and patch actions groups (including bulk updates).                                                              |
```

| restapi:admin/allowlist        | `/allowlist`                     | Permission to add any endpoints and HTTP requests to a list of allowed endpoints and requests.                                                    |

> | restapi:admin/internalusers    | `/internaluser` & `/user`        | Permission to add, retrieve, modify and delete any user in the cluster                                                                            |

Reviewer: It's a hassle. But we follow the "Oxford comma" rule: a comma between all elements of a list. As below.
```suggestion
| restapi:admin/internalusers    | `/internaluser` & `/user`        | Permission to add, retrieve, modify, and delete any user in the cluster.                                                                            |
```
Global comment.

| restapi:admin/nodesdn          | `/nodesdn`                       | Permission to add, retrieve, update, or delete any distinguished names from an allow list and enable communication between clusters and/or nodes. |

> | restapi:admin/roles            | `/roles`                         | Permission to add, retrieve, modify and delete any roles in the cluster                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| restapi:admin/roles            | `/roles`                         | Permission to add, retrieve, modify, and delete any roles in the cluster.                                                                           |
```

> | restapi:admin/rolesmapping     | `/rolesmapping`                  | Permission to add, retrieve, modify and delete any roles-mapping                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| restapi:admin/rolesmapping     | `/rolesmapping`                  | Permission to add, retrieve, modify, and delete any roles-mapping.                                                                                  |
```

> | restapi:admin/ssl/certs/info   | `/ssl/certs/info`                | Permission to view current Transport & HTTP certificates                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| restapi:admin/ssl/certs/info   | `/ssl/certs/info`                | Permission to view current Transport & HTTP certificates.                                                                                          |
```
Periods at end of each description: global comment.

```
{% include copy.html %}

> You can also control access to specific rest APIs via roles. Here is an example role which allows access to all endpoints supported by this feature currently:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also control access to specific rest APIs using roles. Here is an example `cluster_permissions` lists which allows access to all endpoints supported by this feature:
```

```yml
rest_api_admin_full_access:
  reserved: true
  cluster_permissions:
    - 'restapi:admin/actiongroups'
    - 'restapi:admin/allowlist'
    - 'restapi:admin/internalusers'
    - 'restapi:admin/nodesdn'
    - 'restapi:admin/roles'
    - 'restapi:admin/rolesmapping'
    - 'restapi:admin/ssl/certs/info'
    - 'restapi:admin/ssl/certs/reload'
    - 'restapi:admin/tenants'
```

> You can add/remove these as required to your role definition. It currently supports access control to these 9 endpoints:

Author: its to dynamically update `allowlist` via APIs

}
```

### Update all distinguished names

> Bulk updates the given list of distinguished names.

Reviewer: Makes a bulk update for the list of distinguished names.

#### Path and HTTP methods

```json
PATCH _plugins/_security/api/nodesdn
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

#### Request fields

| Field           | Data Type  | Description                                                                                                        | Required |
|:----------------|:-----------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------|
| op              | string     | The operation to perform on the action group. Possible values: `remove`,`add`, `replace`, `move`, `copy`, `test`.  | Yes      |
| path            | string     | The path to the resource.                                                                                          | Yes      |

> | value           | array      | The new value to replace the property's value with.                                                                | Yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| value           | array      | The new values used for the update.                                                                | Yes      |
```

##### Example request

```
PATCH _plugins/_security/api/nodesdn
[
   {
      "op":"remove",
      "path":"/cluster1/nodes_dn/0"

>    }

Reviewer: Is it possible to add a mock value to the example:

"value": "CN=Karen Berge,CN=admin,DC=corp,DC=Fabrikam,DC=COM", "CN=George Wall,CN=admin,DC=corp,DC=Fabrikam,DC=COM",

Author: yes, but since this is a remove operation we don't need it. If we want to add a sample value, I will change the example

  ]
}
```

### Reload transport certificates

Reload transport layer communication certificates. These REST APIs let a super admin (or a user with sufficient permissions to access this API) reload transport layer certificates.

#### Request

```json
GET _opendistro/_security/api/ssl/transport/reloadcerts
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

#### Example response

```json
{
  "status": "OK",
  "message": "updated transport certs"
}
```

> ### Reload http certificates

Author: with capitals, style check failed.

> ### Reload http certificates

Reviewer: If it refers to "HyperText Transfer Protocol", capitalization is good. When `http` points to a setting or something else in the code, we leave it without capitalization to show how it's represented as a component of the code.
We're still working out the kinks with the style check. Thanks.

  ]
}
```

### Reload transport certificates

Reload transport layer communication certificates. These REST APIs let a super admin (or a user with sufficient permissions to access this API) reload transport layer certificates.

#### Path and HTTP methods

```json
PUT /_plugins/_security/api/ssl/transport/reloadcerts
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

##### Example request

```bash
curl -X PUT "https://your-opensearch-cluster/_plugins/_security/api/ssl/transport/reloadcerts"
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

##### Example response

```json
{
  "status": "OK",
  "message": "updated transport certs"
}
```

#### Response fields

| Field   | Data Type | Description                                                                       |
|:--------|:----------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | status  | string    | Indicates the status of the operation. Possible values: "OK" or an error message. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| status  | String    | Indicates the status of the operation. Possible values: "OK" or an error message. |
```

> | message | string    | Additional information about the operation.                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| message | String    | Additional information about the operation.                                       |
```

#### Reload HTTP certificates

Reload HTTP layer communication certificates. These REST APIs let a super admin (or a user with sufficient permissions to access this API) reload HTTP layer certificates.

#### Path and HTTP methods

```json
PUT /_plugins/_security/api/ssl/http/reloadcerts
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

##### Example request

```
curl -X PUT "https://your-opensearch-cluster/_plugins/_security/api/ssl/http/reloadcerts"
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

##### Example response

```json
{
  "status": "OK",
  "message": "updated http certs"
}
```

> #### Response fields

Reviewer: I think it's fine to leave this table. But the example response is probably self explanatory for this. It can stay or go.

Author: I followed the style doc. Let's keep it?
